{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Scene 1:\
\
lake: A lake with a pier. The water looks pristine, smooth as a mirror. You can clearly see the bottom of the lake, which is covered with smooth pebbles. \
\
trees: Trees. \
\
Scene 2: \
\
house: A typical single-family suburban house. The paint job looks new. The curtains are shut, so you can\'92t see anything inside. There are cobwebs and soot under the eaves. \
\
mailbox: It\'92s stuffed to the brim. Tax returns, advertisements, and insurance notifications from the past few years. \
\
The only thing that stands out is a sheet of paper with musical notes scrawled on it. It\'92s signed \'93LG\'94. \
\
gumball machine: A gumball machine. \
\
sign: Welcome to Southsoot, Massachusetts! \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Springfield - 24 mi\
Amherst - 25mi\
Worchester - 27 mi\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
trees: More trees. \
\
Scene 3: \
\
trees: Even more trees. \
\
gate: A wrought-iron gate. There\'92s an electronic toll collector besides it, requiring three coins to open. \
\
piece of paper taped to a tree: Advertises an event at the Southsoot community center on April 5th. Year unspecified, you can\'92t tell how old this flyer is. The flyer mentions performances in theater, open mic, and music, by residents such as Sasha Blake, Lucy Greene, and Andy Tyler.  \
\
\
\
\
\
}