{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18300\viewh14300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Introduction Scene
\f1\b0 \

\f2\i Switch to first BG (black screen)
\f1\i0 \
\
ANNIE: Are you scared? \
\
ARTHUR: No, of course I\'92m not.\
\
ARTHUR: Well, maybe a little bit. Whenever I perform, it kinda feels like the whole world is watching me. \
\

\f2\i Switch to second bg (arthur staring out the window in the car)\

\f1\i0 \
ANNIE: Well it\'92s not the \'93whole world\'94 per say. It\'92s a regional showcase. And even then, it\'92s only the small intersection of people who are from New England and who are really into Chinese classical music. \
\
ARTHUR: Still, doesn\'92t make it any less stressful\'85\
\
ANNIE: I think it\'92s really cool! Especially listening to all the performers. \
\
ANNIE: It\'92s not something you get to hear everyday. Thats what I always think. \
\
ANNIE: But I never really get nervous about performing.  \
\
ARTHUR: Of course you don\'92t\'85\
\
ANNIE: \'85\
\
ARTHUR: \'85\
\
ANNIE: \'85\
\
ARTHUR: \'85\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 Switch to third bg (black screen)
\f1\i0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
ANNIE: Wait a second. Mom, this isn\'92t the way to UMass Amherst. Don\'92t you usually take the last exit? \
\
CHUN LIU (Mom): We want to look at something along the way. 
\f2\i \
\

\f1\i0 [Car screeching sound effect]\
\
ARTHUR: Dad, why are we stopping here? \
\

\f2\i Switch to fourth bg (car infront of massive trees) \

\f1\i0 \
ZIHAO LIAO (Dad): Your mom just said. We\'92re checking out something along the way. \
\
ANNIE: What\'92s there to check out? There\'92s nothing here but trees. \
\
CHUN LIU (Mom): You two wait here. We\'92ll be back in a second. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 [Tree rustling sfx]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f2\i Switch to fifth bg (black screen)\
\

\f1\i0 ANNIE: \'85\
\
ARTHUR: \'85 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 \

\f1\i0 ANNIE: \'85\
\
ARTHUR: \'85\
\
ANNIE: \'85\
\
ARTHUR: \'85\
\
ARTHUR: This is really weird.. when do you think they\'92ll be back? \
\
ANNIE: I\'92m not sure. \
\
ANNIE: I think we should try to see where they are. \
\
ARTHUR: I agree, lets go. 
\f2\i \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\i0 [Tree rustling sfx]\
\
ANNIE: What\'92s that?!\
\
ARTHUR: It looks like a regular rabbit. But why\'92s it not scared of us? \
\
ANNIE: It looks kinda angry.\
\
ANNIE: Wait, why\'92s it getting closer to us !??\
\
ANNIE: Arthur, what should we do??!?! It probably has rabies!!! I DON\'92T WANNA DIE HERE !!!!!!\
\
[Sfx of notes played on the erhu]\
\
ANNIE: Oh\'85 it just disappeared? What happened? Why do you have your erhu out? \
\
ARTHUR: I don\'92t know. I just heard this song in my head, and played along to it. \
\
ANNIE: What do you mean? \
\
ARTHUR: I really don\'92t know how I did it. But at least the rabbit\'92s gone now. 
\f0\b \
\
Dialogue 1
\f1\b0  (ANNIE and ARTHUR have both entered the forest)\
\
[Nature rustling sfx]\
\
ANNIE: There\'92s a path through this clearing. They\'92re probably just at the end of it, they couldn\'92t have gone far. \
\
ARTHUR: Why\'92d they have to get lost here of all places? This place feels so unsettling. \
\
ANNIE: Don\'92t worry. I think we\'92ll be okay as long as we stick together. It seems like playing your instrument is enough to fight off the wild animals here. \
\
ARTHUR: It\'92s still so weird, though. How did that bunny just \'85 disappear like that? There\'92s no bones or skin or anything left behind. \
\
ANNIE: Yeah\'85 it is really weird. \
\
ARTHUR: Huh. I don\'92t remember ever seeing you this bothered about anything. \
\
ANNIE: What do you mean? I\'92m really not that bothered. There\'92s no way mom and dad could\'92ve gone far. And everything will be fine once we find them, and we can get out of here. \
\
ANNIE: Only thing is we might be late to the showcase, except this time it won\'92t be our fault. Haha. \
\

\f0\b DIALOGUE 2 
\f1\b0 (At the end of the first scene) \
\
ANNIE: You know, I don\'92t think I\'92ve taken the time to be in nature recently. I feel like I spend all my time on campus, and I never really leave. \
\
ARTHUR: I always see you posting pictures of food, though. \
\
ANNIE: Ugh, it\'92s not like I wanna post pictures of myself studying. \
\
ANNIE: Speaking of, what are we going to eat tonight? We can\'92t possibly eat the animals if their bodies disappear right after we attack them back\'85 and neither of us know how to drive, so we can\'92t drive to some place to get food\'85\
\
ARTHUR: Relax, weren\'92t you the one who said we\'92d find mom and dad right away? And besides, the human body can survive for over 40 days without food, so we have that much time to find them. \
\
ANNIE: I don\'92t wanna go for 40 days without food\'85.\
\

\f0\b DIALOGUE 3
\f1\b0  (In the middle of the second scene) \
\
ANNIE: Oh! There\'92s a house there. Maybe we can go inside and ask the residents for help. \
\
ARTHUR: It looks kinda abandoned. And even if it weren\'92t, I\'92d be wary of interacting with any people I meet here, given how the wildlife is. \
\
ARTHUR: Plus, I\'92ve never ever seen this city on a map before. \
\
ANNIE: But we have to make sense of things somehow\'85.\
\
ARTHUR: I think it\'92s okay if we don\'92t. We\'92re only here to find our parents. \
\
ARTHUR: Besides, you need to be more cautious in situations like this. Remember that time we were in elementary school, and you had to go to the ER because you wandered into some bushes and got bit by a snake? \
\
ANNIE: What?! \
\
ARTHUR: Well, maybe you don\'92t remember because you were unconscious the whole time. Not because of the bite, but because you passed out from the shock. You woke up perfectly okay in the end, but Mom yelled at you because of the hospital bill. \
\
ANNIE: That seems like how she\'92d react\'85\
\

\f0\b DIALOGUE 4
\f1\b0  (near the beginning of the third scene) \
\
ARTHUR: How did you even get into playing the pipa anyways? \
\
ANNIE: Hm. I think, one day in first grade, this lady came in playing a pipa for some talk. I thought she was SO cool, and I wanted to play the pipa just like her. So I begged and begged mom for lessons. When she finally gave in, Mom kept saying I\'92d quit after a few months, but I wanted to prove her wrong. So I just stuck with it for the rest of my life. \
\
ANNIE: Why did you start playing the erhu? \
\
ARTHUR: Well because of you, obviously. Except I didn\'92t want to play the same instrument as you, since I was scared you\'92d always be more talented than me and everybody would be able to tell. Except that still kinda happened anyways. Even at 16, I\'92m still not as good as you were when you were 12. \
\
ANNIE: \'85 Don\'92t say that. That\'92s not tru\'97\
\
ARTHUR: I feel like everything I did, I kinda just started because of you. Except for this one club I was in freshman year, I guess. \
\
ANNIE: Oh? You never mentioned being part of any clubs freshman year. \
\
ARTHUR: I was in Photography Club. It was pretty fun, honestly. We\'92d go on drives every month and take pictures there.  \
\
ANNIE: Why\'92d you quit? \
\
ARTHUR: I don\'92t really know why. I guess I just assumed I wouldn\'92t have the time later on. Plus I kinda had a falling out with one of the other members. \
\
ANNIE: Oh\'85 I didn\'92t know that. \
\

\f0\b DIALOGUE 5 
\f1\b0 (At the end of the game, by the gate) \
\
ANNIE: Are you scared? \
\
ARTHUR: You always ask me that, even though I\'92m sure you already know the answer. \
\
ANNIE: I\'97I\'92m scared too. \
\
ANNIE: I\'92m scared that we won\'92t find mom and dad. I\'92m scared that something might happen to you, and there\'92s nothing I can do to keep you safe. \
\
ARTHUR: I guess the best we can do is just look out for each other.\
\
ARTHUR: But I think we\'92ll find them, eventually. They couldn\'92t have gone far from here. }